Presenter name:
Doug

What was good?
lovely professional slides
managing expectations
use of humour
birthday party story helped us to experience the feeling
use of personal experience and relating to life experience
setting the story in cultural context
well structured

What could be improved?
use of images - add titles and make sure you're representative, not stereotyping!
layout of bullets on solutions slide - some spaces, some not
arrows on solution slide suggest a linear relationship when you were presenting 3 separate
and non-linear solutions (looks a bit biased towards your preferred solution,
especially if slides shared without audio)

Presenter name:
James
What was good?
Setting the scene
Using humour
Pace and tone of voice
Confidence and obvious subject knowledge
great pictures- engaging!
clear examples
practical solutions
pointing out the positives of the situation

What could be improved?
formatting of slides - ensure consistency e.g. bullet points, capitalisation
structure
be really clear in the conclusion about one take home point. ("if you forget everything else I said today, remember ...")

Presenter name:
Steph

What was good?
use of examples to set the scene
including name and date on slide so information isn't taken out of context
calm, slow and consistent tone of voice
making the business case for data breaches (more likely to be implemented than focus on users)
well researched
up to date research
667% stat - striking, engaging. consider using this as an opener to catch attention

What could be improved?
use the slides to summarise rather than providing full information
try to use prompts and speak naturally rather than reading a set text.
add images to engage
think about the audience journey on the presentation and how to keep them engaged.
watch audience for cues on engagement and modulate pace, tone of voice to recapture
(though this is harder in a digital setting!)
add a conclusion or summary

Presenter name:
Rashpal

What was good?
intoduction, referencing, setting the scene.
empathy and naming the victims - humans not statistics
background of AV and technologies used
context and capitalism
I was really interested and engaged so took limited notes.

What could be improved?
formatting consistency - bullet point spacing and font size
